# Guidance of Folders

- **.idea:** Configuration files
- **Cruise Control:** Source code and test script
- **Jars:** Jars needed for this project, including openjava, mujava
- **mujavaHome:** Where mutant testing excuted
- **Test Suites and Expected Output:** Test suites generated by tools and corresponding expected output
- **GraphCoverage.txt:** Used for Grapgh Coverage Web Application
- **README.md:** Guidance for this project
- **Xiaoke Liu_SYSC5105_Report.docx:** Report for this project

# Guidance of Re-do
## Environment Setup
- **Operation System:** Windows 10
- **Java Version:** "1.8.0_152"
- **IDE:** IntelliJ IDEA 2019.2 

Since I have already saved all the needed Jars, and all the needed files to run the test, no further operation needed but configure your own system environment.

## Steps to re-do
### Generate Test Suites
1. Open the [GrapghCoverage](https://cs.gmu.edu:8443/offutt/coverage/GraphCoverage). 
2. Copy the content of `GraphCoverage.txt` and paste in the input of tool.
3. Set initial state and final state as 1.
4. Generate test paths.
### Coverage Test
1. Open the project file in IDEA 
2. Change the path in test scripts. 
   My path is `E:/Courses/SYSC5105/Sysc5105project/Sysc5105project/All test suites and expected output/XXXX.txt`, you should change it to your local path, and carefully check the text file's name, it identifies different algorithim and criteria. P.S. Every test script should be changed
3. Right click the file 'junittest', then left click 'Run Tests in junittest', you can get the basic test and the report about structural coverage in the workbench
### Mutation Testing
1. Before starting the mutation testing, please configure the environment with the guidance of [official instruction](https://cs.gmu.edu/~offutt/mujava/)
2. To save the time of typing command lines, I generated two `.cmd` files for you.
3. First, click GenMutants.cmd to generate mutants.
4. Second, click RunTest.cmd to do the mutation testing.

If everything goes well, you will get the same results as I did on my computer. If doesn't, please refer to Section 3 of my report, there I demonstrated detailed configuration and operation.

